For the beams on the ceiling I think we can probably just give it that sandstone texture and be done
with it.
Let's take a look.
I'll grab one of these beams and maybe go into the editing view and isolate this.
So for this we can do a very similar thing that we did before we can just bring in a texture coordinate
we can bring in with Shift A The image texture node.
We can hook up the U-V know to the vector input and the color to the color and then click open and bring
in that sandstone seamless texture.
So there it is.
It's once again looking a little big for the object in the properties panel here.
I'll go into the texture window and change the scale maybe increase this to 3.
See how that works.
Actually let me try for here let me try one more.
Yeah I'm going to go with four.
And so now I can bring in a new image node and I'll change this from color to non color data and I'll
open in the textures folder.
I'll grab that sandstone seamless bump.
And then with that I'll bring in a bump node under vector here.
Bring the color into the normal and the normal into the displacement and then I'll also increase the
scale here to 4 as well.
Something like that so let's go back to the default view.
Take a look at that that looks pretty good.
We'll go with this until we get the final lighting and then we may adjust the scale or something like
that.
I think I want a different color along this sculpted area.
I think I want it to be a darker kind of rock so I will go back to the U-V editing view.
And as it turns out it's got the same materials as the walls.
I think we should probably go ahead and give it its own material so I'll add a new material slot.
And the new material to the slot are called the ceiling.
And then I'll get rid of the walls.
Let's take a look at the U-V map real quick.
I'll go into edit mode and with everything selected we can see this U-V map and this right here this
piece right here is that edge of the hole that I was talking about.
So my thought is I would try and add rock type texture here.
So with all of these selected I'm going to go to Uvas and export you lay out and the ceiling is actually
going to be fairly big in the scene.
So I think what I'm going to do is increase the image size from 10:24 to 2048
and sense our resolution size is going to be 12:3 by 720 and that ceiling is going to take up a good
part of the image.
I'm going to make it fairly big so that the textures don't get pixilated and blurry.
So I'll call this one ceiling Uvas and export it.
And now let's go take a look at it in Gamp.
So in Gamp I'll go to a file and open and in my images folder I'll take a look for that ceiling Uvas.
Here it is.
And I'll open that.
Now for this I can once again put that sandstone texture on here I can probably use that.
So I'll go ahead and open that up.
And in my textures I'll use that sandstone seamless
and now select it with command a copy with command C and then I'll put it over here with command V and
to anchor that floating selection I'll go ahead and click a new layer.
I'll go ahead and scale it down some with the scale tool and I'll click and go and scale it down a bit
I'll move this layer down beneath the Uvas and I'll go to the moved tool and I'll move this down so
it covers up that area.
Now this may need to be pretty small and repeat.
Let's see what we can do here.
Go I'll duplicate this layer
move that down.
Go now for this top part.
I think I'm going to have to take a look online and see if I can find some sort of a rock cliff kind
of texture so to do that I'm going to go to Google here and I'll type in rock cliff texture and see
what happens.
Click images and search tools are good size and large and let's try something like let's see what we
have here.
Here's one that's not bad.
Let's try this.
So back in Gamp I'll go ahead and open that image.
I only need a part of this so I'll go over here to the rectangle select tool and just drag an area out
like this.
And I'll press control or command see go back to my Uvas and for this press command the and to make
this floating selection a new layer I'll just click new layer and then lets move this into place.
I'll drag that down below all the other layers and let's just zoom in here and I'll scale this to fit
see how this works.
I might come in to the colors menu here and go to brightness and maybe brighten this up just a little
bit.
And we go let's try that.
I'm going to press shift command J to frame everything up in the window here.
Turn off the you Vees.
So we don't get those in the image and then go to file export as
and in the textures folder I'll save it as ceiling color and export
back in Blendr Let's go ahead and add the nodes we need in the node editors so our press shift a and
go to input and texture coordinate and then I'll press shift a and go to texture and image texture and
I'll hook these up the Uvas to vector and the color to color.
And then let's click open and find our texture in the textures folder.
I'll grab that ceiling color and let's see how we did here.
All right.
So it's quite a bit different than the rest but let's see how we did.
I don't know.
I'll go to the default view here.
And let's go to the camera view by hitting the zero key.
And let's go ahead and go to the rendered viewport shading We'll work on balancing the colors of all
the objects here.
Once we get everything textured so let's go with this and then see how we're doing as we get closer
to the final lining's set up.